[RC2] F# release notes (#10095)
dotnet/core: release-notes/10.0/preview/rc2/fsharp.md

# F# in .NET 10 RC 2 - Release Notes

> Here's a summary of what's new in F# in this RC 2 release:
> 
> - [Feature](#feature)
> 
> ## Feature
> 
> Feature summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This RC 2 release does not contain new F# language features. View the [What's new in F#](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-compiler-docs/release-notes/Language.html) documentation to learn more.
```
